3d text along path (#899)
pgf-tikz/pgf: doc/generic/pgf/text-en/pgfmanual-en-library-decorations.tex

    \end{key}
\end{decoration}

\begin{decoration}{3d text along path}

>     This decoration is almost the same to the |text along path| decoration
>     except that each character is placed on different coordinate plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This decoration is almost the same as the |text along path| decoration
    except that each character is placed on a different coordinate plane
```

  text={|\large\color{red}|3d|| text along path!},
  text align=center, 3d raise=1cm-.5ex, yvec=60}]

  \draw [fill=gray!30]
    (0, 2) arc (120:0:2cm) -- ++(60:2cm) arc (0:120:2cm) -- cycle;
  \path [postaction={decorate}] (0,2) arc (120:0:2cm);
\end{tikzpicture}
\end{codeexample}
\end{decoration}

    \begin{key}{/pgf/decoration/yvec=\marg{number or point} (initially 90)}
        Set the $y$-direction of every character coordinate plane. If a number
        is provided, the $y$-direction is the \meta{number}. If a point is
        provided, the $y$-direction is the direction from the point where the
        character locates to this \meta{point}.
        %
\begin{codeexample}[preamble={\usetikzlibrary{decorations.text}}]
\begin{tikzpicture}[decoration={3d text along path,
    text={|\large\color{red}|3d|| text along path!},
    text align=center, 3d raise=.8ex, yvec={([shift={(60:4cm)}]1.5,1)}}]

  \draw [fill=gray!30]
    (0, 2) arc (120:0:2cm) -- ([shift={(60:4cm)}]1.5,1) -- cycle;
  \path [postaction={decorate}] (0,2) arc (120:0:2cm);
\end{tikzpicture}
\end{codeexample}
    \end{key}

    \begin{key}{/pgf/decoration/3d raise=\marg{number or dimension} (initially
      0pt)}

>         The characters are raised in the $y$-direction of every charater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The characters are raised in the $y$-direction of every character
```

Author: Thanks for review！But I am afraid that I can't push a new commit until 10 days later... I'll do it as soon as I go home.
